Mucinex: The Booger Drug
Published on February 17, 2009.
So I have a cold right now.
I called my normal doctor’s office and apparently they don’t do urgent care type stuff.
But they do have a nurse!
So I talked to the nurse and she gave me a list of drugs to take.
One of them was Mucinex.
Apparently this is some kind of miracle drug.
It’s the one in the commercials that has a family of green boogers (or mucus?) living in a human’s chest.
Then the person takes the Mucinex and the family of boogers is evicted, to put it nicely.
Mucinex tears families apart.
Families of the mucus variety.
Anyway, I used it and it seems to be okay.
It didn’t work in the elaborately theatrical fashion as the commercials would have me believe, but I think I have less junk in my chest now than before.